What Dynasty Group?
Never heard of reporting to the president at all
If you reinvest in this anonymous company
position of president
I'm afraid I'll have to move my position
everyone
I have verified the strength of Dynasty Group
He doesn't lose at all to those established companies
It is a very powerful enterprise
Your previous investment decisions were also influenced
Now it's a mess
I believe you this time.
Please rest assured.
Others aside.
President Shangguan cooperates with Dynasty Group
What is the benefit to our Shangguan company?
Sister, I heard it when I just came in.
Your Shangguan Group's first investment allocation
Surround that someone is coming back
If your Shangguan Group cooperates with our dynasty
I can let Shangguan Group invest for the second time
In addition to leveling Quarter 1 losses
You can also earn 200% profit
Do you know
Double the profit plus the previous quarter's loss
Just 10 billion
Daji, if you really have this strength
Why are you still one?
A small company with no reputation
That being the case
Let's make a bet how to bet Xiaobai
Just bet on the daily limit of these stocks
If I win
I want you to agree to my cooperation unconditionally